Implement swagger for KEB (#281)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-11-swagger.md

---
title: Check API using Swagger
type: Details
---

> Using the Swagger UI you can visualize the KEB's APIs on a single page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Swagger UI, you can visualize Kyma Environment Broker's (KEB's) APIs on a single page.
```

> The Swagger UI static files are copied from the [official source](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/tree/master/dist) then they're injected into the KEB's container which exposes them on the root endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Swagger UI static files are copied from the [official source](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/tree/master/dist) and then they are injected into KEB's container which exposes them on the root endpoint.
```

> The KEB uses swagger schema file mounted as volume to the Pod. You can find that schema [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/control-plane/blob/master/resources/kcp/charts/kyma-environment-broker/files/swagger.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KEB uses a Swagger schema file that is mounted as a volume to the Pod. You can find that schema [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/control-plane/blob/master/resources/kcp/charts/kyma-environment-broker/files/swagger.yaml).
```

> You can use several ways to expose and use the Swagger UI, but two of them are recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either use Virtual Service or port-forward the Pod to expose and use the Swagger UI.
```
